**Software License Agreement for LiveRider Application (Alpha and Beta Test)**

PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT BEFORE RUNNING THIS ALPHA AND/OR BETA VERSION OF THE LIVERIDER APPLICATION. INSTALLATION AND OPERATION OF THIS APPLICATION INDICATES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT. ACCEPTANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT MEANS THAT YOU ARE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS LICENSE AGREEMENT. THIS AGREEMENT MAY ALSO BE ACCEPTED IN ITS ENTIRETY BY SIGNING AT THE END OF THIS DOCUMENT REGARDLESS OF WHETHER THE USER DOWNLOADS AND POSESSES THE SOFTWARE AT THE SIGNING OF THIS AGREEMENT.

This Software License Agreement (the “**Agreement**”) is entered into by and between you, the User (“**User**”) and the developers of the LiveRider application (“**LiveRider**”). Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, LiveRider agrees to provide User with access to the Alpha and/or Beta version of LiveRider’s mobile application (the “**App**”). User agrees to abide by the terms of this Agreement.

1. **Definitions.**
   1. “Software Product” means the Alpha and Beta versions of the LiveRider App.
   2. “Acceptance” means that the User has accepted the terms of this Agreement and has manifested said acceptance by downloading, installing, or running the Software Product.
   3. “Date of this Agreement” means the date on which the User has manifested Acceptance of this Agreement.
2. User’s Duties.
   1. Intellectual Property. User recognizes that the entire Software Product is LiveRider’s or its licensors’ copyrighted and trademarked intellectual property.
   2. Confidentiality Agreement. User agrees to abide by the confidentiality terms set forth in Paragraph 6.
   3. Report to LiveRider. User agrees to abide by the terms of Paragraph 7.
3. License. LIVERIDER GRANTS TO USER A REVOCABLE, NON-EXCLUSIVE, NON-TRANSFERRABLE LIMITED LICENSE TO USE THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT AS PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT. THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT IS LICENSED BY LIVERIDER TO USER ACCORDING TO THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
   1. Use of Software Product. User may only download and use the Software Product on User’s mobile device or computer, if said option is provided by LiveRider. User may not make copies of the Software Product for any reason.
   2. Transfer to Third Parties. User may not transfer the Software Product to third parties.
   3. Term of License. This License Agreement is effective until terminated by LiveRider. User may terminate this License Agreement by permanently deleting the Software Product from the device on which it is stored.
   4. Restrictions. User may not lease, rent or sublicense the Software Product. User may not modify, reverse engineer, decompile, disassemble or create derivative works from the Software Product.
   5. Severability. If, for any reason, any provision of this Agreement is held invalid, such invalidity shall not affect the remainder of this Agreement, and this Agreement shall continue in force and effect to the full extent allowed by law.
4. Copyright. The Software Product is copyrighted material owned by LiveRider and/or its licensors and is protected by United States copyright law. User may not distribute the Software Product to others.
5. No Purchase Price. User recognizes that the Software Product is an Alpha and/or Beta version software product. User shall pay no purchase price for the Software Product but shall abide by the terms of this Agreement.
6. Confidential Information. User recognizes that User’s operation of the Software Product shall allow User to come into possession of information that may comprise valuable trade secrets and other confidential information (“**Confidential Information**”) which is exclusively owned by LiveRider. User expressly recognizes that such Confidential Information is being conveyed to User under conditions of confidentiality and agrees that User shall not disclose Confidential Information to any third party during the term of this Agreement and for a period of one (1) year thereafter, provided that User shall not disclose LiveRider’s trade secrets at any time. LiveRider is entitled to collect data related to the use of the Software Product by User for the purpose of improvement of the Software Product and verification of compliance of the use of the Software Product with the license terms.
7. Report to LiveRider. User recognizes that the Software Product is an Alpha or Beta version and that User’s operation of the Software Product may result in bugs and errors. The knowledge of these bugs and errors may be helpful to LiveRider in its final development of the Software Product. User agrees to voluntarily report to LiveRider any bugs or errors which User recognizes in the operation of the Software Product. This report to LiveRider is strictly voluntary. Failure to report bugs or errors to LiveRider in no way terminates or alters User’s duties under this Agreement.
8. Feedback. Any feedback, ideas, modifications, suggestions, improvements, and the like made by User with respect to the Software Product (the “**Supportive Information**”) will be the property of LiveRider. User agrees to assign, and hereby assigns, all right, title, and interest worldwide in the Supportive Information and the related intellectual property rights to LiveRider and agrees to assist LiveRider, at LiveRider’s expense, in perfecting and enforcing such rights. LiveRider may disclose or use Supportive Information for any purposes whatsoever without any obligation to User.
9. Choice of Law. This Agreement shall be construed and controlled by the laws of the State of Delaware. Any dispute concerning or breach of the terms of this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware.
10. Indemnification. LiveRider shall not undertake to resolve any disputes or litigation on User’s behalf involving use of the services described herein, and User agrees that it shall indemnify, hold LiveRider harmless and defend LiveRider against any disputes involving use of the Software Product.
11. Disclaimers. The product provided by LiveRider is provided “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND TO USER OR ANY THIRD PARTY, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OF THE COMPUTER PROGRAM; FITNESS FOR LICENSEE’S PURPOSE OR SYSTEM INTEGRATION; ACCURACY OF INFORMATIONAL CONTENT; NON-INFRINGEMENT; QUIET ENJOYMENT; AND TITLE. USER AGREES THAT ANY EFFORTS BY LIVERIDER TO MODIFY ITS GOODS OR SERVICES SHALL NOT BE DEEMED A WAIVER OF THESE LIMITATIONS, AND THAT ANY LIVERIDER WARRANTIES SHALL NOT BE DEEMED TO HAVE FAILED OF THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. USER FURTHER AGREES THAT LIVERIDER SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO USER OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF USE, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS, OR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND WHETHER UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF LIVERIDER WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR WAS GROSSLY NEGLIGENT. Some jurisdictions do not permit the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, and, as such, some portion of the above limitation may not apply to User. In such jurisdictions, LiveRider’s liability is limited to the greatest extent permitted by law.
12. Entire Agreement. This Agreement supersedes any and all other agreements, either oral or in writing, between the parties with respect to the matters stated herein, and this Agreement contains all of the covenants and agreements between the parties with respect thereto. This Agreement may be amended or modified only in writing, and shall be effective only after affixation of both parties’ signatures.
13. Knowing Consent and Authority to Consent. The parties knowingly and expressly consent to the foregoing terms and conditions. Each party is authorized to enter into this Agreement on behalf of its respective party.
